Last time on
Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal...
BRONK: Wait up!
TORI: Yuma...
where on earth are you going?
Yuma: To go duel shark.
This is where I heard
he's been hanging.
Weasel: Well what
do we got here...
if you're looking for
trouble, it's found.
Chills: Hey scorch,
what's the next move?
SCORCH: Teach' em a lesson.
Shark: Stop.
Let go of the little brats.
You shouldn't have come here.
I came here,
cause I have business
with you, shark.
What business?
The business of
duelin', that's what.
I can't duel you.
How come?
Because I quit dueling.
This shark stuff's
got me down, astral.
I gotta help him feel
the flow again.
Cause if I don't, he might
call it quits forever.
I finally lost him.
Shark!
You're not losing anything,
except the duel we're
about to have!
What do you say?
Aw come on, I thought
we were friends!
And as your friend I'm gonna be
the one to tell ya, that it's
time you dump those thugs
you've been hanging out with.
It's none of your business
who I hang out with, yuma.
Oh yeah?
I'll make it
my business.
I beat you, and
you ditch them.
Yeah?
And what do I
get if I beat you?
Well then, you...
you get to have this.
You got yourself a deal.
Together: Let's do this!
Aero shark!
Attack yuma!
Devouring dive!
The reason that I
stopped dueling yuma,
was because I was crushed
when you beat me.
But I feel all better now.
Then again, keep it.
As a reminder of
what I did to you.
Shark...
♪ if life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothin' ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ my dreams won't die
if I high-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings take
off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe ♪
♪ nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ my future's still
alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance and
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪
You ready yuma?
I summon ufo turtle
in Attack mode!
Shoulda stayed in
your shell, turtle!
Cause gagaga magician's
comin' for ya!
CASWELL: I must admit,
sometimes yuma confounds me.
If I suffered the epic fail
that he just experienced against
shark, I'd seriously consider
hanging up my duel
disk for good.
I play rush recklessly!
Oh No. It's gaining
more power?
Perhaps in the end, yuma
simply doesn't have any pride.
Ufo turtle, attack
gagaga magician!
That's twenty
losses in a row.
Nice bait n' switch, bronk.
I did not see that
spell card coming!
C'mon, one more time!
You still feel
like dueling?
Of course!
What future duel champion
doesn't feel like dueling?
C'mon big guy,
bring it on!
Meatloaf's getting cold,
I'm goin' home.
Oh, well.
Looks like you're
up, Caswell.
Bust out your deck
and let's do this!
Bronk, hey wait up.
What's wrong?
I just don't think I like
who yuma is turning into.
That duel...
with Shark... yuma said
he wouldn't use a number.
But then, he did.
He went back on his word.
And that's not right!
You know how he is.
He just gets
carried away and...
there's a big difference
between getting carried
away, and what he did!
You don't break a promise
just 'cause you're losing!
Wait a sec...
bronk's right.
Thugs: Haha, denied!
Nice move!
Haha, gotcha!
Hey shark. You
want next game?
No thanks.
I'm outta here.
That new fish is getting
on my last nerve.
He acts like he's so much better
than me and the
rest of the boys!
Just deal with it, weasel.
Cause that new fish is
worth a lot more to us than
you're ever gonna be.
We didn't let shark start
running with the pack because we
like his winning personality.
We let him start running with
us because We like his winning.
And if he wins for us, we can
take down whoever we want.
Hey, bronk!
Hold up!
Let's have a duel!
I'm done duelin' you, yuma.
Fine, then!
I don't need to duel you!
I know better people
I wanna duel anyway!
ASTRAL: I would not bother.
In your current
state of Mind,
you could duel a
tree and still lose.
Your strategies are always
sloppy and ill-Conceived.
But right now, you do not even
have those at your disposal.
You just keep attacking and
attacking without any thought.
You don't know what
you're talking about!
Your recent defeat against
shark has rattled you.
But yuma, while it is True
he is a fabulous duelist,
I strongly suspect that it is
not the only reason he won.
What do you mean by that?
He seemed to have
taken the time
and analyzed your deck and
figured out your strategies.
How much do you know about his?
Well uhh...
so, are we just talkin'
about doin' this,
or ya' know, are we
talkin' about doing this?
Female REPORTER: I'm reporting
live in Midtown, where the
city museum has opened
a new exhibition.
Oh, we're talkin'
about doin' this.
The exhibition's centerpiece is
an extremely rare and powerful
duel deck which
was donated to
the museum by an
anonymous benefactor.
A panel of leading
experts has yet to confirm
just who the deck
originally belonged to.
Heh, well after Tonight, that
deck is gonna belong to us.
This seems really dangerous.
What about museum security?
What if we get busted?
They'll catch us
and my parents'll
send me to boarding
school and...
look ya' little worm, if you
wanna run with the pack,
you need to start actin'
like a Wolf!
I... I know, I'm just
sayin', maybe we...
we're gonna be fine.
Don't forget weasel,
we've got these.
a number card...
these are our tickets in.
As long as we got
these bad boys,
we can do whatever we want.
And no one can stop us.
Alright then, we'll meet by
pier 14 at midnight tonight.
Well, but what about...
C'mon what's a matter,
little weasel?
You chicken?
No! Just...
what are you doin' out here?
I hope you weren't listening in
on our private conversation.
Cause if you were,
we might have a problem.
Well I was,
and I want in.
Then you got in.
Just don't
get in the way.
Cause if you do, you'll
have to deal with me.
This is not good.
I'm gonna spend the next 5 years
of my life eating cold cafeteria
slop and arm-Wrestling
for respect.
I can't arm-Wrestle, I have like
zero upper body
strength, my family is all legs,
we're not built for...
listen, there's a 5:15
train out of town.
You should be on that.
Eh? But what about all my
friends and my stuff and...
how much is a ticket,
'cause I don't...
just go!
Unnnnnh!
Why is finding
info on shark so hard?
What does
"Invalid path" Mean?
You don't come to
the library much, do you?
You're in the wrong browser.
You wanna Click here.
Last year's national
duel tournament?
Just checking
something out.
"Disgraced Contender Reginald
kastle was disqualified when..."
Shark's real name is "Reginald?"
I didn't know that.
"Duelist Reginald kastle was
disqualified in the finals when
it was revealed that he
had secretly
looked at his opponent's
deck in violation of
tournament rules."
I hope nobody sees
me leavin'.
train, here
I... wait!
I can't just leave
shark to those guys.
Unbelievable.
Shark was kicked out
of the tournament.
It's gotta be a lie.
But the article said.
I know, but...
I've dueled shark, Tori,
I can tell he's got the
heart of a True duelist,
he's not a cheater.
Yuma...
hey!
You're one of those guys that
shark hangs out with, right?
What do you want?
Shark's... in... trouble!
What do you mean,
what kind of trouble?
He and the other guys
are gonna break
into the museum and
steal that rare deck.
It's all 'cause of
t cards they got!
Every since they got 'em,
they've been doing crazier
and crazier things!
Yuma, are you thinking
what I am thinking?
I know how these guys roll,
they're probably gonna make
shark take all the blame,
he's gonna go down, he's...
yuma, hang on a second!
Shark's trouble.
Maybe it's best
to forget him?
I can't Tori,
I have to help him.
But why?
It's not like he'd
do the same thing for you.
You don't get it!
I'm not just doing
this for shark.
I'm also doing this for me.
I lied to myself, Tori.
I wanted so much to cream shark
the other day, so much that
I broke my promise and
used a number. And lost.
Now, shark's in danger.
All because beating him mattered
more to me than helping him.
Why hasn't weasel
shown up here yet?
Forget about him.
But he was going
to be our...
I said forget him, chills.
We don't need him anymore,
now that we've got shark.
Let's roll.
Who are you?
I'm the kid that's gonna stop
you from doing what
you're about to do.
Really?
This isn't a sandbox
you wanna play in.
They both have
number cards.
If you guys wanna take
another step forward,
you're both gonna
have to duel me!
Is that so?
What's the Wager?
If you manage to defeat me,
then my number card is yours!
He's out of his mind!
But if I win, then you
walk away from this museum.
His card's just
like ours, scorch.
I get it...
so this is called
a number card.
Imagine how strong we would
be if we had another one.
Are you sure you wanna
do this, pipsqueak?
I'm sure.
I can take
both you guys!
Yuma, don't be crazy.
Two on one?
I won't back down!
I'm not gonna step aside and let
you throw your life away, shark!
Save it, yuma.
I don't need you
looking out for me.
Sorry, but I can't
just turn away!
These thugs don't care about you
shark, they're just using you!
How do you know that
I'm not using them?
Either way, I'm right
where I belong yuma.
You're wrong!
You're better than this
Reginald, and you know it!
I'm gonna get you to cut your
ties with these lowlifes,
if it's the last thing I do.
Why do you even care so much
about what happens to me?
I care because
I'm your friend, shark!
Forget it,
I am not goin.
He knows he made
a mistake, bronk!
And to make up for it,
he's about to duel so he
can save shark's skin!
Yuma Needs his friends.
Aren't you his friend?
Well bronk?
We need to clear
something up.
When you challenge one of
us, you challenge all of us.
This isn't two on one.
This is gonna be a
three on one battle.
You ready, shark?
Whatever you say!
I don't care if it's
two or three or five!
Cause I'm fighting
for my friend.
Actually,
it's gonna be
two on two.
It's what?
You really think that
you can betray us?
Are you sure?
Don't get the
wrong idea.
I'm just not really a
big fan of these guys.
Well guess What, we ain't
big fans of you either.
Cause ya see shark,
if we got caught,
chills and I were gonna see
to it that you took the fall.
Well the only people who are
gonna fall tonight are you two!
Duel Disk go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established.
Together: Let's duel!
Whad'ya say we get
this duel started?
It's my turn!
I draw!
I place a monster
facedown in defense mode!
Next, I end my turn by
Placing two cards facedown.
It is apparent from the way
they are interacting,
that these two are used
to dueling as a team.
I'm not worried!
Here I go, heh heh!
I summon zubaba Knight!
That facedown monster is looking
like an easy target right now!
Go zubaba Knight,
jump in and...
not so fast, yuma!
Why not?
Cause in a tag duel, you can't
attack until all players have
taken at least one
turn, smart guy.
Oh really?
In that case,
I end my turn!
What a rookie.
This is going to
be a piece of cake.
It's my turn!
I draw!
I summon pompadour blizzardon!
Then I place two cards
facedown, and end my turn!
Once This train gets
goin', it doesn't stop.
You are gonna wish you
stayed in bed tonight, kid.
Well you're gonna wish you
stayed outta the water.
Cause I'm summoning big jaws!
And that lets me also
summon shark stickers!
See, I can bust
out this monster
whenever I summon a fish-Type
monster to the field!
That's two level threes
back to back. Do it!
I overlay big jaws
and shark stickers!
With These two monsters, I can
build the overlay network and
xyz summon SUBMERSIBLE
CARRIER aero shark!
He xyz summoned
on his first turn.
That is all
kinds of awesome!
And now I activate
it's special ability!
Once a turn, by using an overlay
unit, aero shark can dish out
400 points of damage for
every card in my hand!
An excellent move.
He is skirting
around the rules
by using a special
ability to deal damage.
Since I've got four
cards in my hand,
I'm serving up 1600 points
of damage to scorch!
That's what I'm
talkin' about!
[Eerie laughter]
We were hoping
you'd do that.
Hehe, I activate my trap.
Blizzard egg
level 5!
When a special
ability deals damage,
Blizzard egg enables the
duelist who took damage
to summon one level 5
Monster from his hand.
But if he has no
monster to summon,
then that duelist gets
slammed for 500
points of damage himself.
So that means...
he is gambling on scorch having
a level 5 monster in his hand,
which is quite a reckless
risk for him to take.
Let's see here...
I summon level 5
baggy Pants lavasaurus!
And now,
to really heat things up,
I activate my trap!
Flame Egg level 5!
When I take damage from a
special ability, flame egg
grants my teammate the
power to summon one
level 5 Monster
from his hand.
But if he's not holding
one to summon,
then he takes 500
points of damage.
This can't be good!
You're about to learn
why nobody messes with us!
Something is
not right here.
Both of them had level 5
monsters waiting in their hands?
Aw man...
they summoned two powerful
big guys in one move,
and it wasn't
even their turn.
That's because we've mastered
the art of the extended combo.
Did we forget to
mention that no one has
ever defeated us in a tag duel?
There is something not quite
right about this scenario.
Why are these two so confident?
I think I smell a rat.
And now, our combo's
big finale!
Glare Level 5!
Thanks to the power
of this trap,
you take 500 points of
damage for every level 5
monster on our fields.
We've got two level fives out,
so we're talkin' a
thousand points of damage!
and it's all for you, shark.
Are you okay?
Huh, that'll teach
you, traitor.
I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
I just had to step up and act
all tough. What was I thinking?
What if I'm still too rattled?
Stay focused, yuma.
We're not gonna win this
thing if ya start feelin'
sorry for yourself.
He's right.
It's like astral SAID:
i let my defeat rattle me.
I can't do that.
I've gotta stay strong.
And now the fun
really begins!
First, I switch my facedown
monster to attack mode.
Here comes flamesaurus!
A tag duel?
Why are yuma and shark
on the same team?
Flamesaurus' special
ability activates!
And that means it
becomes level 5.
Now I can overlay flamesaurus
and baggy pants lavasaurus!
With These two monsters,
I build the overlay network!
I summon number 61!
Volcasaurus!
Okay Wow, that's
like... humongous.
Look at that thing!
Nice Goin', scorch!
I'm not done yet. I'm
gonna make it known
what happens to little chumps.
I activate volcasaurus'
special ability!
By Using One overlay unit, one
of your monsters is destroyed,
and you take damage equal
to its attack points.
Say Bye-Bye
to aero shark,
and say hello to
a world of hurt!
Don't you know who we
are, you little runt?
Nobody gets to betray the
pack and then just walk away!
No, shark!
I wouldn't be
worried about him.
E next, I'm destroying
your little zubaba Knight!
Yuma!
My grandma punches
Harder than that!
Ha!
Big words coming from a bug
who's about to be squashed.
Your number card's
as good as ours!
[Eerie laughter]